Additional languages / new hook for additional language detection (#13483)
friendica/friendica: doc/Addons.md

Called when receiving a post from another source. This may also be used to post local activity or system generated messages.
`$b` is the item array of information to be stored in the database and the item body is bbcode.

> ### get_language

Reviewer: Please rename the hook to `detect_languages`.

Called after the language detection. This can be used for alternative language detection methods.
`$data` is an array:

- **text**: The text that is analyzed.

> - **detected**: The array with the original language detection. Can be overwritten via an addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **detected**: (input/output) Array of language codes detected in the related text.
```
